New CP member priority parameter description (#504)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/cp-subsystem/pages/cp-subsystem.adoc

the CP members becomes the Raft leader for two CP groups.

=== CP members priority
However, there are cases/scenarios when some CP members shouldn't act as a leader. For example, a server with high load would not be a good leader, or in a WAN deployment, servers in a primary datacenter may be preferred in order to minimize the latency between clients and the leader.

To ensure the availability of the CP subsystem, we cannot prevent some members from being elected as a leader. But we can ask to transfer leadership from the existing leader to other CP members.

To do this, and in addition to an existing rebalancing strategy, you can set up priority-based leadership.

Each CP member can be assigned a priority - a positive or negative integer number. Initially, any CP member with any priority can take the leader's role. But the periodically running leadership rebalancing task will transfer the leadership from CP members with the lowest priorities within each CP group.
So, eventually, all CP group leaders will be transferred to CP members with higher priorities.

To configure the CP member priority, use the xref:configuration.adoc#cp-member-priority[`cp-member-priority`] option.

> NOTE: Current limitations: We do not address an issue when a CP group can only be formed from CP members with the lowest priority and then promote CP members with higher priorities.

Reviewer: WARNING: CP member prioritization does not work when a CP group initially can only be formed from CP members with the lowest priorities, and then promote CP members with higher priorities. For example, if you start the cluster with three CP Members each having priority `0` and later add or promote new members with priorities `100`, you will still have a CP group with members having priorities `0`.

Raft leader for only one CP group. If one more CP group is created, then one of
the CP members becomes the Raft leader for two CP groups.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

You can also give CP members a priority rating to affect their chances of becoming a leader. See xref:configuration.adoc#configuring-leadership-priority[Configuring Leadership Priority].
```

This is just a nudge to the reader that it's possible to do this task. The actual information is about configuration and belongs in the Configuring CP Subsystem topic.

=== CP Members Priority

> There may be cases where some CP members shouldn't act as a leader. For example, a server with high load would not be a good leader, or in a WAN deployment, servers in a primary datacenter may be preferred in order to minimize the latency between the clients and leader.

Reviewer 2: This information should go in `configuration.adoc` under a new heading of `Configuring Leadership Priority`.

To ensure the availability of the CP subsystem, you cannot prevent some members from being elected as a leader. But you can ask to transfer leadership from the existing leader to other CP members.

To do this, and in addition to an existing rebalancing strategy, you can set up the priority-based leadership.

> Each CP member can be assigned a priority - a positive or negative integer number. Initially, any CP member with any priority can take the leader's role. But the periodically running leadership rebalancing task will transfer the leadership from CP members with the lowest priorities within each CP group.

Reviewer 2: This information should go in `configuration.adoc` under a new heading of `Configuring Leadership Priority`.

Eventually, all CP group leaders will be the CP members with higher priorities.

To configure the CP member priority, use the xref:configuration.adoc#cp-member-priority[`cp-member-priority`] option.

> WARNING: CP member prioritization does not work when a CP group initially can only be formed from CP members with the lowest priorities, and then promote CP members with higher priorities. For example, if you start the cluster with three CP Members each having priority 0 and later add or promote new members with priorities 100, you will still have a CP group with members having priorities 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: The leadership rebalancing task does not include promoted CP members. For example, if you start a cluster that has three CP members with priority 0, and you promote a new CP member with priority 100, the new CP member will not become a leader.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not 100% sure of the original meaning. This is my attempt at simplifying the warning.

Reviewer 2: This information should go in `configuration.adoc` under a new heading of `Configuring Leadership Priority`.
